Disambiguate "input" and "measurement" (#217) (#271)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf: draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf.md

  prover and verifier.

* `Flp.query(meas: Vec[Field], proof: Vec[Field], query_rand: Vec[Field],
  joint_rand: Vec[Field], num_shares: Unsigned) -> Vec[Field]` is the
  query-generation algorithm run by the verifier. This is used to "query" the
  measurement and proof. The result of the query (i.e., the output of this
  function) is called the "verifier message". In addition to the measurement
  and proof, this algorithm takes as input the query randomness `query_rand`
  and the joint randomness `joint_rand`. The former is used only by the
  verifier. `num_shares` specifies how many shares were generated.

* `Flp.decide(verifier: Vec[Field]) -> Bool` is the deterministic decision
  algorithm run by the verifier. It takes as input the verifier message and
  outputs a boolean indicating if the measurement from which it was generated
  is valid.

Our application requires that the FLP is "fully linear" in the sense defined in
{{BBCGGI19}}. As a practical matter, what this property implies is that, when
run on a share of the measurement and proof, the query-generation algorithm
outputs a share of the verifier message. Furthermore, the privacy property of

> the FLP system ensures that the verifier message reveals nothing about the
> measurement's validity. Therefore, to decide if a measurement is valid, the

Reviewer: Unrelated to this PR: this is backwards, and contradictory to the definition of `Flp.decide()`.
```suggestion
the FLP system ensures that the verifier message reveals nothing about the measurement
other than whether it is valid. Therefore, to decide if a measurement is valid, the
```

elements:

* `Flp.encode(measurement: Measurement) -> Vec[Field]` encodes a raw measurement
  as a vector of field elements. The return value MUST be of length `MEAS_LEN`.

For some FLPs, the encoded measurement also includes redundant field elements
that are useful for checking the proof, but which are not needed after the
proof has been checked. An example is the "integer sum" data type from
{{CGB17}} in which an integer in range `[0, 2^k)` is encoded as a vector of `k`
field elements, each representing a bit of the integer (this type is also
defined in {{prio3sum}}). After consuming this vector, all that is needed is
the integer it represents. Thus the FLP defines an algorithm for truncating the

> measurement to the length of the aggregated output:

Reviewer: For clarity:
```suggestion
encoded measurement to the length of the aggregated output:
```

Section 4.2 in three ways.

First, the validity circuit in our construction includes an additional, random
input (this is the "joint randomness" derived from the measurement shares in
Prio3; see {{prio3-construction}}). This allows for circuit optimizations that
trade a small soundness error for a shorter proof. For example, consider a
circuit that recognizes the set of length-`N` vectors for which each element is
either one or zero. A deterministic circuit could be constructed for this
language, but it would involve a large number of multiplications that would
result in a large proof. (See the discussion in {{BBCGGI19}}, Section 5.2 for
details). A much shorter proof can be constructed for the following randomized
circuit:

~~~
C(meas, r) = r * Range2(meas[0]) + ... + r^N * Range2(meas[N-1])
~~~

(Note that this is a special case of {{BBCGGI19}}, Theorem 5.2.) Here `meas` is
the length-`N` input and `r` is a random field element. The gadget circuit
`Range2` is the "range-check" polynomial described above, i.e., `Range2(x) =
x^2 - x`. The idea is that, if `meas` is valid (i.e., each `meas[j]` is in
`[0,2)`), then the circuit will evaluate to 0 regardless of the value of `r`;

> but if `inp[j]` is not in `[0,2)` for some `j`, the output will be non-zero

Reviewer: This instance needs to be changed as well
```suggestion
but if `meas[j]` is not in `[0,2)` for some `j`, the output will be non-zero
```

#### Proof Generation {#flp-generic-construction-prove}

> On measut `meas`, `prove_rand`, and `joint_rand`, the proof is computed as

Reviewer: This looks like a find-replace mistake
```suggestion
On input of `meas`, `prove_rand`, and `joint_rand`, the proof is computed as
```

### Client

> The Client's measurement includes an IDPF index, denoted `alpha`. The

Reviewer: Technically, the  index makes up the entirety of the measurement
```suggestion
The Client's measurement is an IDPF index, denoted `alpha`. The
```

```suggestion
The Client's measurement is interpreted as an IDPF index, denoted `alpha`. The
```
